README.md, before:

# KiCad LCSC Manager Plugin

A KiCad plugin that allows you to search and import electronic components from LCSC/EasyEDA and JLCPCB directly into your KiCad projects, including symbols, footprints, and 3D models.

## Features

- 🔍 Search components by LCSC part number
- 📦 Automatically download symbols, footprints, and 3D models (WRL and STEP formats)
- 💰 Real-time stock, pricing, and datasheet information from JLCPCB API
- 📚 Add components to project-specific libraries
- ⚠️ Smart overwrite detection with selective import options
- 🎨 Seamless integration with KiCad 9.0+
- 🔄 Support for both LCSC/EasyEDA and JLCPCB parts

## Installation

### From KiCad Plugin Manager (Recommended)
1. Open KiCad
2. Go to **Tools → Plugin and Content Manager**
3. Search for **"LCSC Manager"**
4. Click **Install**
5. Restart KiCad

### Manual Installation
1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/hulryung/kicad-lcsc-manager/releases)
2. Extract the ZIP file to your KiCad plugins directory:
   - **Windows**: `C:\Users\[USERNAME]\Documents\KiCad\[VERSION]\scripting\plugins\`
   - **macOS**: `~/Documents/KiCad/[VERSION]/scripting/plugins/`
   - **Linux**: `~/.kicad/scripting/plugins/`
3. Restart KiCad

For detailed installation instructions, see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md)

## Usage

1. Open a KiCad project (PCB Editor or Symbol Editor)
2. Click the LCSC Manager icon in the toolbar
3. Enter an LCSC part number (e.g., C2040)
4. Click "Import" to download and add the component to your project libraries
5. The component will be available in:
   - `<project>/libs/lcsc/symbols/lcsc_imported.kicad_sym`
   - `<project>/libs/lcsc/footprints.pretty/`
   - `<project>/libs/lcsc/3dmodels/`

## Requirements

- KiCad 6.0 or later
- Python 3.8+
- Internet connection for downloading components

## Development

### Setup Development Environment

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/hulryung/kicad-lcsc-manager.git
cd kicad-lcsc-manager

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run tests
python -m pytest tests/
```

### Project Structure

```
kicad-lcsc-manager/
├── plugins/lcsc_manager/    # Main plugin code
├── tests/                   # Unit tests
├── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
└── README.md               # This file
```

## Credits

This plugin is inspired by and references:
- [easyeda2kicad.py](https://github.com/uPesy/easyeda2kicad.py) - CLI tool for converting LCSC components
- [easyeda2kicad_plugin](https://github.com/rasmushauschild/easyeda2kicad_plugin) - KiCad plugin wrapper
- [KiCAD-EasyEDA-Parts](https://github.com/Yanndroid/KiCAD-EasyEDA-Parts) - Alternative implementation

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please [open an issue](https://github.com/hulryung/kicad-lcsc-manager/issues) on GitHub.

Commit message:

Add screenshot to README
- Add Screenshots section with main dialog image
- Update Usage section with detailed step-by-step instructions
- Include screenshot showing component search and import dialog

README.md, after:

# KiCad LCSC Manager Plugin

A KiCad plugin that allows you to search and import electronic components from LCSC/EasyEDA and JLCPCB directly into your KiCad projects, including symbols, footprints, and 3D models.

## Features

- 🔍 Search components by LCSC part number
- 📦 Automatically download symbols, footprints, and 3D models (WRL and STEP formats)
- 💰 Real-time stock, pricing, and datasheet information from JLCPCB API
- 📚 Add components to project-specific libraries
- ⚠️ Smart overwrite detection with selective import options
- 🎨 Seamless integration with KiCad 9.0+
- 🔄 Support for both LCSC/EasyEDA and JLCPCB parts

## Installation

### From KiCad Plugin Manager (Recommended)
1. Open KiCad
2. Go to **Tools → Plugin and Content Manager**
3. Search for **"LCSC Manager"**
4. Click **Install**
5. Restart KiCad

### Manual Installation
1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/hulryung/kicad-lcsc-manager/releases)
2. Extract the ZIP file to your KiCad plugins directory:
   - **Windows**: `C:\Users\[USERNAME]\Documents\KiCad\[VERSION]\scripting\plugins\`
   - **macOS**: `~/Documents/KiCad/[VERSION]/scripting/plugins/`
   - **Linux**: `~/.kicad/scripting/plugins/`
3. Restart KiCad

For detailed installation instructions, see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md)

## Screenshots

![LCSC Manager Dialog](docs/images/screenshot-main-dialog.png)

*Import components from LCSC/EasyEDA with real-time stock and pricing information*

## Usage

1. Open a KiCad project (PCB Editor or Symbol Editor)
2. Click the LCSC Manager icon in the toolbar
3. Enter an LCSC part number (e.g., **C2040** for RP2040)
4. Click **Search** to fetch component information
5. Review the component details:
   - Part name and manufacturer
   - Package type
   - JLCPCB stock availability
   - Extended/Basic part classification
6. Select import options (Symbol, Footprint, 3D Model)
7. Click **Import** to add the component to your project libraries
8. The component will be available in:
   - Symbol: `<project>/libs/lcsc/symbols/lcsc_imported.kicad_sym`
   - Footprint: `<project>/libs/lcsc/footprints.pretty/`
   - 3D Models: `<project>/libs/lcsc/3dmodels/`

## Requirements

- KiCad 6.0 or later
- Python 3.8+
- Internet connection for downloading components

## Development

### Setup Development Environment

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/hulryung/kicad-lcsc-manager.git
cd kicad-lcsc-manager

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run tests
python -m pytest tests/
```

### Project Structure

```
kicad-lcsc-manager/
├── plugins/lcsc_manager/    # Main plugin code
├── tests/                   # Unit tests
├── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
└── README.md               # This file
```

## Credits

This plugin is inspired by and references:
- [easyeda2kicad.py](https://github.com/uPesy/easyeda2kicad.py) - CLI tool for converting LCSC components
- [easyeda2kicad_plugin](https://github.com/rasmushauschild/easyeda2kicad_plugin) - KiCad plugin wrapper
- [KiCAD-EasyEDA-Parts](https://github.com/Yanndroid/KiCAD-EasyEDA-Parts) - Alternative implementation

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please [open an issue](https://github.com/hulryung/kicad-lcsc-manager/issues) on GitHub.
